Add build docs for Fabric-Admin and Fabric-Bridge-App (#34122)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: examples/fabric-admin/README.md

# Matter Fabric Administrator Example

> An example application that which supports synchronization of devices between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example application that supports synchronization of devices across fabrics
```
